transportTimeToCNC = 5000,
cutTime = 3000,
partsFromSheet = 10,
timeForMaterialMovingInCNC = 1500,
cncQueueCapacity = 3,
steelSheetCreationInterval = 1000,
partsForPartialBlock = 5,
partialBlocksForBlock = 5,
blocksForHull = 5,
fittingPartialBlockTime = 5,
weldingPartialBlockTime = 6,
fittingBlockTime = 3000,
weldingBlockTime = 6500,
fittingHullTime = 3000,
weldingHullTime = 3000,
fittersNeededInPartialFitting = 5,
weldersNeededInPartialFitting = 5,
fittersNeededInFitting = 5,
weldersNeededInFitting = 5,
fittersNeededInEdification = 5,
weldersNeededInEdification = 5,
transportWorkerAgentQuantity = 3,
cNCOperatorAgentQuantity = 6,
cutSectorAncillaryAgentQuantity = 6,
cNCCutMachineAgentQuantity = 6,
fitterAgentQuantity = 30,
welderAgentQuantity = 30